You really can't run away
You go out first
My dad considers you a friend
Why would you do that to your friend?
Haha friend, how much is it worth?
If something goes wrong, someone should be held responsible
Get home in my way
Just be damned.
Now think about it.
The kind eyebrows you pretended in front of Huaijin and Su Qiyu
You must be tired after all these years
Huaijin regards you as a teacher
You didn't even let him go?
Businesspeople put profit first
He shouldn't have interfered
Or Su Qiyu shouldn't have blocked that knife
Su Guoqing
Su Qiyu is still being rescued
Do you really have no regrets at all?
Regret for my life
The most regrettable thing is to help Xiaoyu support Zhou Huaijin
If you say more, it should be over hahahaha.
It's time to end
But it won't end in the hands of others, Su Boqing
How is my dad?
He committed suicide.
Suicide
I should have known
Zhou Huaiqing, go out first
I want to talk to Jiang Wan Yi alone
If I had to choose again
I will definitely stay at home today
I see.
That's your dad after all
Jiang trillion
Remember that I have never lost to you
I just lost to Zhou Huaiji
You go and tell him.
I never want to see you again.
Come on. Let's go home